---
layout: post
title:  "Day 1"
date:   2015-01-03 19:35:21
categories: jekyll update
---
Kickoff today! In the morning, about 10 members of our team went to San Jose
State, where we saw this year's game, Recycle Rush. After collecting the KOP, we
returned to the Playspace to being strategizing.

      
<iframe width="500" height="300" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mAN1B7oKDXE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> 



At the Playspace, we began discussing the game. Over the course of the game
summary, we came up with the following questions. Question Number 3 seems to
significantly be impacting our trait of thought with regard to litter.

### Questions

* How do drivers see past the boxes?
* Is scoring only done at the very end?
* ***Can we place litter before scoring, keeping recycle bin in front of
chute?***
* How many crates can we hold at one time?
* Dwayne thought that the recycling bins were called "flagurns."

### Game Summary

Area between center and edge is landfill

2 points for gray tote scored

* Gray box worth 2 points per stack
* Recycling container is 4 per level
* Little scored in recycling container is 6 per recycling container
* Unprocessed litter adds to other side

Pool noodles are solid, 10 in a white bin at each end of field

Yellow boxes **only for autonomous**. Other boxes calculated at end of match

### Robot Rules

We then moved to discuss robot rules. This year, there are unlimited BaneBots
and BAG motors, but still a 6 CIM limit. The robot's size constraints are within
a 28 in by 42 in by 78 inch packaging. Bumpers are optional, but will be counted
with the weight.

#### Auto

* Robot set: 4 (all 3 robots)
* Tote set: 6 (all 3 yellow)
* Container set: 8 (>= 3)
* Stacked tote: 20 (all 3 yellow)

* 4 for robot set, 8 for container set, 20 for stacked tote set = 32
* Minimum autonomous: Just push everything = 10, dependent on alliance partners
* 2 feet nine inches between

#### Teleop

* Tote: 2 each
* Container: 4 per level
* Litter:
   * 6 per recycle
   * 1 per landfill
   * 4 per unprocessed (other team)
* Coopertition:
   * 20 for a set
   * 40 for a stack

**Assuming the other alliance is NOT throwing pool noodles onto our side...**
* Coopertition: 40
* Recycled litter: 42
* Landfill: 3
* Totes: 14
* Container: 28

Potentially 309 points...teleop is much more important than autonomous

### Possible Capabilities

Next, we turned to general brainstorming, and talked about all the POTENTIAL
capabilities our robot could have. While the gigantic fan idea (to blow the pool
noodles to the other side) was not written down, below are a list of all ideas.

* Moving, driving (without driver vision)
* Pushing crates, pushing totes, litter
* Carry totes (lift)
* Stack totes (top vs. bottom)
* Carry container, stack container
* Placing litter in container
* Tossing litter
* Blocking litter
* Vision Code (identifying yellow crates)
* Omnidirectional movement
* Swiveling grabber
* Tote conveyer belt
* Crate dozer
* Ferris wheel lift
* Shifting gearbox
* Bumpers
* Stable robot
* Crate / litter intake (human feed)
* Flat bed truck
* Drive over scoring platforms

### Grabber (random discussions people had)

Sequence of actions reverses depending on top or bottom loading.

Bottom to top building: Totes first, then recycle.

Top to bottom building: recycle first, then tote.

10 / 70 start upside down -- no reason to make things go right side up

**Top Load (Build robot from top, adding totes on top)**

**PRO**

* Simpler?

**CON**

* Limited push up

**Bottom Load (Build robot from bottom, lifting up tote and slipping another
tote underneath)**

**PRO**

* Fixed time

* Fixed low height

* Can take crates with it

**CON**

Do we do top, bottom, or combination?

#### Multi-sided grabber

One grabber would be used for tote and the other for the flagurn/container, but
it's excessively complicated

### Final List of Capabilities

After narrowing down our potential capabilities, we decided that we did not
require bumpers, though some limited protection might be useful. We decided
against a shifting transmission because, for a field this small with this much
debris, moving quickly would get in the way. Instead, a gearing of 8-9 fps would
be more appropriate. Ideas such as the Tote conveyer belt were removed due to
their sheer complexity compared to other thoughts. We also decided that precise
manipulation of the litter was impractical; instead, we would simply push the
litter around. Vision code and cameras are going to be important due to all the
debris and difficulty of viewing the robot's actions from across the field.

The idea of omnidirectional motion was also briefly brought up. This could
potentially make driving easier, but it has drawbacks. We'll discuss this idea
more within the next few days.

* Moving, driving (without driver vision)
* Pushing crates, pushing totes, litter
* Carry and stack totes (lift) (top load versus bottom load)
* Carry and stack containers
* Vision Code (identifying yellow crates)
* Omnidirectional movement
* Drive over scoring platforms
* ~~Blocking litter~~
* ~~Placing litter in container~~
* ~~Tossing litter~~
* ~~Tote conveyer belt~~
* ~~Flat bed truck~~
* ~~Bumpers~~
* ~~Crate dozer~~
* ~~Ferris wheel lift~~
* ~~Shifting gearbox~~

### Things to Do

* Omnidirectional versus Skid steer
* Totes vs container versus both
* Bottom load versus top load
* Roborio
* Vision
* Scoring platform mockup
* FIRST Choice Priority List
* Meeting Schedule + parents